PROJ-116 - usability test (#95)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-5/usability-test-may-18th.tex

\section{Usability test}
The second test of the system and all of its components took place on the 18th of May.
This test was conducted as the previous test had not managed to explore the functionality of the game as described in \autoref{sec:initial-test}.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the usability test was conducted using the group members as testers, and only one person from outside the group.

\subsection{The setup}
The test was carried out in two phases, one inside and one outside.
The playing field was shaped like a rectangle for both tests, much like the previous test on the 7th of May. An example of the setup can be seen on \autoref{fig:test2-indoor-setup}

\subsection{Indoors test}
In the indoor test, the anchors were positioned as follows:
\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[scale=0.5]{usability-18-05-2020/setup-indoors.png}
    \caption{The setup for the indoors playing field. The coordinate at the anchors are in cm.}
    \label{fig:test2-indoor-setup}
\end{figure}
\noindent

> Doing the indoor test it was discovered that two of the Pozyx tags did not correctly send positional updates even when they reported that everything was okay doing the setup phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the indoor test it was discovered that two of the Pozyx tags did not correctly send positional updates even though they reported that everything was okay during the setup phase.
```

As such, an extrinsic had to be implemented for further tests.
When colliding, the players would swap possession of the ball, and the player who previously had the ball would count down for a few seconds to allow the new player to gain some distance.
Once this rule had been implemented, the game could be played as intended.

\subsection{Outdoors test}
\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[scale=0.5]{usability-18-05-2020/setup-outdoor.png}
    \caption{The setup for the outdoor playing field. The coordinate at the anchors are in cm.}
    \label{fig:test2-outdoor-setup}
\end{figure}
\noindent
In the outdoor test only three tags were used, the two player tags and the ball tag.
The field was constructed by placing the anchors on top of chairs placed in a rectangular shape, as can be seen on \autoref{fig:test2-anchor-setup}.

\begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=0.5\linewidth]{usability-18-05-2020/outdoor-anchor-setup}
    \caption{The setup of an anchor in the outdoor test.}
    \label{fig:test2-anchor-setup}
\end{figure}
\noindent

> These anchors were connected to laptops or power banks to ensure no components would run out power during play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These anchors were connected to laptops or power banks to ensure no components would run out of power during play.
```
